Remove self-healing section (#947)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/about-filecoin/why-filecoin.md

This is an overview of features offered by Filecoin that make it a compelling system for storing files. This overview is intended for people already involved in large-scale data storage, for example, cloud storage or peer-to-peer storage networks.

### Verifiable storage

> Filecoin generates verifiable traces that files have been stored correctly over time. Every storage provider proves that they are maintaining their files in every 24-hour window. Clients can efficiently scan these traces to confirm that their files have been stored correctly, even if the client was offline at the time. Any observer can check any storage provider’s track record and will notice if the provider has been faulty or offline in the past.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filecoin has built-in processes to check the history of files and verify that they have been stored correctly over time. Every storage provider proves that they are maintaining their files in every 24-hour window. Clients can efficiently scan this history to confirm that their files have been stored correctly, even if the client was offline at the time. Any observer can check any storage provider’s track record and will notice if the provider has been faulty or offline in the past.
```
